Title: JazzX AI

URL Source: https://boards.greenhouse.io/jazzx-ai/jobs/4682101008

Markdown Content:
Sr. Software Engineer

About SAI Group SAI Group is a private investment firm that has committed $1 billion to incubate and scale revolutionary AI-powered enterprise software application companies. Our portfolio, a testament to our success, comprises rapidly growing AI companies that collectively cater to over 2,000+ major global customers, approaching $750 million in annual revenue, and employing a global workforce of over 4,000 individuals. SAI Group invests in new ventures based on breakthrough AI-based products that have the potential to disrupt existing enterprise software markets. SAI Group’s latest investment, JazzX, is a pioneering technology company which is building a platform that will not only shape the future of enterprise AI applications but also offer practical solutions to real-world challenges. Senior Software Engineer, JazzX (New AI Venture at SAI Group) Role Overview:  As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you'll lead the design, development, and management of critical services and components of an innovative enterprise AI platform to deliver transformative, AI-enabled work experiences for enterprise users. You'll mentor junior engineers, collaborate with cross-functional teams, and drive towards building a cutting-edge enterprise AI platform that remains state of the art. Design and Build: Craft and develop high-performance, scalable services and components for our enterprise AI platform using a cloud-first, cloud-agnostic approach with world class AI capabilities, scalability, security, privacy and operability. Champion innovative AI and software design patterns and best practices to ensure code maintainability, reusability, and testability. Contribute to the platform's technical direction by staying up to date on emerging AI technologies, cloud design patterns and user experience methodologies. Collaboration: Work collaboratively within a cross-functional team (AI/research engineers, software engineers, architects, product managers, designers) to translate complex platform and product requirements into well-defined, scalable, and modular AI, software and infrastructure components. Foster a collaborative and inclusive environment by effectively communicating technical concepts and design decisions across diverse audiences. Provide mentorship and guidance to junior engineers, fostering their growth and development. Operational Excellence: Own the seamless integration of developed components into the platform, ensuring efficient operation and high availability. Implement robust monitoring and alerting strategies to proactively identify and troubleshoot potential issues. Champion DevOps practices streamlining the software development lifecycle and delivery process. Requirements Experience: Minimum of 5 years in designing, building, and operating cloud services, with proficiency in container and orchestration frameworks such as Docker and Kubernetes. Experience with common software defined infrastructure (infrastructure-as-code) frameworks to deploy and manage cloud environments. AI/ML/Data experience is strongly preferred.Development Lifecycle: Comprehensive hands-on experience in the full-stack development lifecycle, including design, prototyping, building, testing, deployment, and operations of enterprise platforms and products, preferably with AI/ML/data components.Technical Skills: Deep knowledge of essential software development skills and experience in more than 1 of the following languages: Java, JavaScript, Python, Golang, or C++. AI/ML Experience (Strongly Preferred): Prior experience in building and managing ML/AI platforms and services, including familiarity with MLOps lifecycle, frameworks, and tools. Familiarity with modern GenAI/LLM services, AI agent frameworks like LangChain, LlamaIndex is highly desired.  Growth Mindset: A naturally curious attitude with a proactive approach to learning, experimenting, building, operating, and improving the development of a cutting-edge intelligent platform. Flexible, learn-it-all attitude, encouraging sharing and collaborative growth in an intense and fun work environment. Why Join Us At JazzX AI, you have the opportunity to become an integral part of a pioneering team that is pushing the envelope of AI capabilities to create an autonomous intelligence driven future. We champion bold innovation, continuous learning, and embrace the challenges and rewards of crafting something genuinely groundbreaking. Your work will directly contribute to pioneering solutions that have the potential to transform industries and redefine how we interact with technology. As an early member of our team, your voice will be pivotal in steering the direction of our projects and culture, offering a unique chance to leave your mark on the future of AI. We offer a competitive salary, equity options, and an attractive benefits package, including health, dental, and vision insurance, flexible working arrangements, and more. We are an equal opportunity employer and celebrate diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
